com/gdsciiita/android/BR.java
 com.gdsciiita.android.BR
com/gdsciiita/android/data/EventDao_Impl.java
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.EventDao_Impl
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.EventDao_Impl$1
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.EventDao_Impl$2
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.EventDao_Impl$3
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.EventDao_Impl$4
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.EventDao_Impl$5
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.EventDao_Impl$6
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.EventDao_Impl$7
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.EventDao_Impl$8
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.EventDao_Impl$9
com/gdsciiita/android/BuildConfig.java
 com.gdsciiita.android.BuildConfig
com/gdsciiita/android/databinding/MemberItemBindingImpl.java
 com.gdsciiita.android.databinding.MemberItemBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/gdsciiita/android/data/ProjectDao_Impl.java
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.ProjectDao_Impl
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.ProjectDao_Impl$1
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.ProjectDao_Impl$2
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.ProjectDao_Impl$3
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.ProjectDao_Impl$4
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.ProjectDao_Impl$5
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.ProjectDao_Impl$6
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.ProjectDao_Impl$7
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.ProjectDao_Impl$8
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/gdsciiita/android/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.gdsciiita.android.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/gdsciiita/android/data/MemberDatabase_Impl.java
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.MemberDatabase_Impl
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.MemberDatabase_Impl$1
com/gdsciiita/android/data/MemberDao_Impl.java
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.MemberDao_Impl
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.MemberDao_Impl$1
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.MemberDao_Impl$2
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.MemberDao_Impl$3
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.MemberDao_Impl$4
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.MemberDao_Impl$5
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.MemberDao_Impl$6
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.MemberDao_Impl$7
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.MemberDao_Impl$8
 com.gdsciiita.android.data.MemberDao_Impl$9
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/gdsciiita/android/databinding/FragmentContactBinding.java
 com.gdsciiita.android.databinding.FragmentContactBinding
com/gdsciiita/android/databinding/MemberItemBinding.java
 com.gdsciiita.android.databinding.MemberItemBinding
com/gdsciiita/android/databinding/FragmentTeamBindingImpl.java
 com.gdsciiita.android.databinding.FragmentTeamBindingImpl
com/gdsciiita/android/databinding/EventItemBinding.java
 com.gdsciiita.android.databinding.EventItemBinding
com/gdsciiita/android/databinding/EventItemBindingImpl.java
 com.gdsciiita.android.databinding.EventItemBindingImpl
com/gdsciiita/android/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 com.gdsciiita.android.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
com/gdsciiita/android/databinding/FragmentEventsBinding.java
 com.gdsciiita.android.databinding.FragmentEventsBinding
com/gdsciiita/android/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.gdsciiita.android.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/gdsciiita/android/databinding/FragmentProjectsBinding.java
 com.gdsciiita.android.databinding.FragmentProjectsBinding
com/gdsciiita/android/databinding/FragmentContactBindingImpl.java
 com.gdsciiita.android.databinding.FragmentContactBindingImpl
com/gdsciiita/android/databinding/ProjectItemBinding.java
 com.gdsciiita.android.databinding.ProjectItemBinding
com/gdsciiita/android/databinding/FragmentProjectsBindingImpl.java
 com.gdsciiita.android.databinding.FragmentProjectsBindingImpl
com/gdsciiita/android/databinding/ProjectItemBindingImpl.java
 com.gdsciiita.android.databinding.ProjectItemBindingImpl
com/gdsciiita/android/databinding/FragmentEventsBindingImpl.java
 com.gdsciiita.android.databinding.FragmentEventsBindingImpl
com/gdsciiita/android/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.gdsciiita.android.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.gdsciiita.android.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.gdsciiita.android.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/gdsciiita/android/databinding/FragmentTeamBinding.java
 com.gdsciiita.android.databinding.FragmentTeamBinding
